Ci ti refresh multiple tickets - DOC-3344, DOC-3343, DOC-3444, CI-8980 (#2692)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-test-intelligence/viewing-tests.md

```yaml
              - step:
                  type: Run
                  name: Run Ruby Tests
                  identifier: run_ruby_tests
                  spec:
                    shell: Sh
                    command: |-
                      bundle exec rake test --junit
                  reports:
                    type: JUnit
                    spec:
                      paths:
                        - report.xml
```

## Publish reports to the Tests tab

If the [test reports are in JUnit XML format](./test-report-ref.md), you can review test reports on the **Tests** tab on the [Build details page](../viewing-builds.md).

![](../run-ci-scripts/static/run-a-script-in-a-ci-stage-529.png)

If you are using Test Intelligence for your unit tests, the **Tests** tab contains information unique to Test Intelligence. For details about this, go to [Enable Test Intelligence](./set-up-test-intelligence.md).

### Test report dashboard

:::note

Currently, the Unit Test Metrics dashboard is behind the feature flag `CI_TI_DASHBOARDS_ENABLED`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

:::

> The **Unit Test Metrics** dashboard aggregates data from test reports in JUnit XML format. The dashboard reports the overall failure rate and the overall success rate. Failure data is broken down by pipeline, Git repo, and test. You can filter by project, pipeline, and date range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Unit Test Metrics** dashboard aggregates data from test reports in JUnit XML format. The dashboard reports the overall failure rate and the overall success rate. The dashboard breaks down failure data by pipeline, Git repo, and test. You can filter by project, pipeline, and date range.
```
